In this section we are going to discuss about modifier M.
Modifier M allows multi-line matching with this modifier.
Anchors are also used, so when you use modifier M, it is used with any of the anchors that is carried
or.
Assume that you have three lines like this.
Hello, Line one.
Hello?
Line two.
Hello, Line three.
If you want to search for Hello World existing at the beginning of each line, remember not at the very
beginning or end of the entire string, but beginning of each line.
Then you will use modifier M.
Let's check it practically.
I'm going to create a variable here MSG, and here I'm going to write.
Hello, line one.
Then I'm going to add Slash and then I'll say hello.
Line two, slash DN And the last line is Hello, line three.
So now this MSG variable has three lines.
I have used slash PN for new line.
Of course it can be slash R or template literal using tactic, which we will see in a moment.
Now let's try to console.log a pattern where we just try to search the word Hello.
Let's run the code.
As you can see, only one hello is returned.
Now let's apply the flag G and also use carrot anchor to see that Hello is at the beginning or not?
Let's run the code.
So it still says that only one.
Hello.
Word is there.
Reason the search is not performed for each line.
Now let's add modifier M and run the code again.
Now because of M it started searching across all lines and now it is showing Hello three times.
Remember, if you have even a single space after slash RN, it will not work.
For example, let's add a space after first slash n and see the output.
So now there are only two helos found because second line does not begin with Helo anymore.
We can also use the ES6 template literal syntax for new lines where we include the string in back take.
So let's try that.
Still, the output will remain the same.
The way we have checked for beginning of each line using carrot anchor, we can use the dollar anchor
for the end of line.
Let's change this string and end all the lines with a number.
Let's also change the pattern where I want to check whether all lines and with a digit.
So I will write slash D and dollar at the end.
Let's run the code and see the output.
So output shows that there are three lines ending with a digit and the digit is also returned in an
array.
Let's remove the digit from second line and run the code.
Now it returns only to values.
So this is how modifier or flag M can be used for multi line search along with anchors.